doc for NVIDIA EH features (#1353)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/advanced-compute-options.md

### Supported architectures

#### Transformers

| Architecture              |
|---------------------------|
| Llama                     |
| Falcon                    |
| Mistral                   |
| Mixtral                   | 
| T5                        |
| gemma                     |

#### Diffusers

| Architecture              |
|---------------------------|
| Stable Diffusion          |
| Stable Diffusion XL       |

### Pricing

Usage of Train on NVIDIA DGX Cloud is billed by the minute of the GPU instances used during your training jobs. Usage fees accrue to your Enterprise Hub Organizations’ current monthly billing cycle, once a job is completed. You can check your current and past usage at any time within the billing settings of your Enterprise Hub Organization.

| NVIDIA GPU                | GPU Memory                | On-Demand Price/hr        |
|---------------------------|---------------------------|---------------------------|
| NVIDIA L40S               | 48GB                      |$2.75                      |
| NVIDIA H100               | 80GB                      |$8.25                      |

## Serverless Inference powered by NVIDIA

> Serverless Inference powered by NVIDIA offers access to NVIDIA AI technology GPUs an [NVIDIA Inference Microservices](https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/ai/) (NIM) in a serverless way. Use standardized APIs and a few lines of code to run inference in a pay-as-you-go pricing model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Serverless Inference powered by NVIDIA offers access to NVIDIA AI technology GPUs on [NVIDIA Inference Microservices](https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/ai/) (NIM) in a serverless way. Use standardized APIs and a few lines of code to run inference in a pay-as-you-go pricing model.
```

The line is a bit long, not sure if `on` is correct but `an` didn't sound right either.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Serverless Inference powered by NVIDIA offers access to [NVIDIA Inference Microservices (NIM)](https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/ai/) powered by NVIDIA H100s in a serverless way. Use standardized APIs and a few lines of code to run inference in a pay-as-you-go pricing model.
```
Agreed, trying to clarify

Author: thank you for the feedback

### How it works

Read the [blogpost for Serverless Inference with Hugging Face and NVIDIA NIMs](https://huggingface.co/blog/inference-dgx-cloud#how-it-works).

### Supported models

> You can find all supported models in [this NVIDIA Collection](https://huggingface.co/collections/nvidia/nim-66a3c6fcdcb5bbc6e975b508).

Reviewer: I can't see this collection.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for spotting! Asked NVIDIA to make it public, standby...

Author: I'll wait for the collection to be public before merging. Thanks for spotting Pedro and Jeff for the follow up
